minor guide-improvements for mac (#364)
elastic/stack-docs: docs/en/getting-started/get-started-stack.asciidoc

Use the command that works with your system. If you installed {ls} as a deb or
rpm package, make sure the config file is in the `config` directory.

> On mac, this isn't required but considered best practice for reasons of consistency.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On mac, that step isn't required but it is a best practice for reasons of consistency.
```
